feat: programmatically add cms groups & perms (#598)
TACC/Core-CMS: taccsite_cms/management/commands/group_perms/README.md

# Programmatically Add Groups & Permissions to CMS

## Get Permissions

You may **either** download an appropriate `.html` from [Django CMS - Developer Guide - User Permissions / Groups / Roles](https://confluence.tacc.utexas.edu/x/jrntDg) **or**:

1. Using the CMS admin interface, build out the permissions for a group.

> 2. Using the browser Developer Tools, copy the `<option>`s from the `<select>` that ahs the permissions you chose.

Reviewer: typo `ahs` --> `has`

Author: Thanks. Fixed (cfbf680).

> 2. Using the browser Developer Tools, copy the `<option>`s from the `<select>` that ahs the permissions you chose.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Using the browser Developer Tools, copy the `<option>`s from the `<select>` that has the permissions you chose.
```

2. Add this starter code:

   ```py
   from django.contrib.auth.models import Group, Permission
   from django.core.management import BaseCommand

   def set_group_perms():
       group, was_created = Group.objects.get_or_create(
         name='__GROUP_NAME__'
       )
   ```

3. Change `__GROUP_NAME__` to the name of the group to add permissions for e.g. `News Writer (Advanced)`.
4. Within the `handle` method, add all the commands from the "Convert Permissions" step.

## Set Permissions

1. Open a shell into the CMS container e.g. `docker exec -it core_cms /bin/bash`.
2. In the shell, run the group/permission command e.g. `python manage.py set_group_perms news_writer_advanced`.
3. Open the CMS admin interface e.g. [https://localhost:8000/admin](https://localhost:8000/admin).
4. In the CMS admin, verify group permissions are as you intend.

## Debug Command

1. Open a shell into the CMS container e.g. `docker exec -it core_cms /bin/bash`.
2. In the shell, open a Python shell i.e. `python`.
3. In the Python shell, run these commands:
   1. `import os`
   2. `import django`
   3. `os.environ.setdefault("DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE", "taccsite_cms.settings")`
   4. `django.setup()`

>    5. any lines to debug from any scripts

Reviewer: What does this mean exactly?
Recommendation: "Any additional debugging code or scripts you want to execute."

Author: It means what you thought. I have updated the sentence to exactly your sentence (3664a07).

Do I even need this step?

>    5. any lines to debug from any scripts

Author: ```suggestion
   5. Any additional debugging code or scripts you want to execute.
```
